last time you remember much the start of
the things underground roundup as our
heroes start to drive their herd of
angle worms to the nearest fishing
resort 50 miles away
rocky thumped on the ground to keep the
herd moving wild bull with his own mind
detector to round up stray but
unbeknownst to our friend their trail
boss the world's only scotch cowboy
Blake changes that your service was in
reality Boris badenov their old nemesis
why is you never hear of young nemesis
Boris of course was determined to ruin
Rocky and Bullwinkle
but Boris darling how you're going to do
it this was by piece Natasha I lead
turned over this clip no worms no
mourning no rain can be moving take it
off their hand for nothing
why not I'm old University grad Southern
California no scandals in truth Oh
magna laude unaware of Boris's
fiendish aims rocky and bullwinkle
continued driving the herd toward the
cliff I was thinking how silly you to
see if anybody was watching us on
television they wouldn't had the
faintest idea what he's doing it was at
that moment that the first of the herd
wiggled out from the face of the cliff
and thrust into space what do you think
you're dealing with kids or something
but at last market it'll catch on Oh
rusty going over come on Boris here they
come how you're going to explain deep
watch Oh laddie do we balance in the pay
attention to my direction if the herds
gone over the cliff we're rude and they
would have been if luck hasn't smiled on
our heroes a gem yeah
it seems that there was a very strong
strain of silkworm in the Lazy J Road
and by the time they had fallen halfway
each tiny creature had spun itself a
small parachutes watch more sizzle
rescued yes our heroes had been spared
by a rare stroke of fortune damn she
strokes me she gives that Belton demand
not only that but by gathering up the
discarded shoots at the bottom of the
cliff
our friends found themselves with a
stock of 40,000 silk handkerchief Oh
takes care of our Christmas shopping for
next to you - hey here's a note came to
this box I'll text the high road and you
test the low road sign black angle
what's that mean
its scratch dialect for I quit but not
far away the two villains were still
plotting our hero's downfall well you
failed again bodies ah
time to check fireside group book and
hoo boy why didn't I think of this
before because you stupid pretty funny
eh doesn't know she double-crossed me I
understand that means the back it's all
business but taught me and jokes your
dad pigeon sorry darling what is plan I
only think I can send it smart aleck
straight boom yes for remember who is
star of this show
yes body remember who is mumble warm big
shot yes ponies remember who puts bread
in your mouth sponsor your spirit nah
he's my blame darling oh darling not
good stuff and on hearing the plans even
the cold what if Natasha fainted dead
away
well one terrible thing done for us have
in mind for our friends I'm afraid to
say that loud why I'm afraid all teens
myself we'll find out next time and
Buckett headed Bullwinkle or paleface
moves